Update readthedocs api guide: nested spans and context propagator (#792)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-cpp: docs/public/GettingStarted.rst

The concept of an active span is important, as any span that is created
without explicitly specifying a parent is parented to the currently

> active span. A span without a parent is called root span.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
active span. A span with a null parent is called root span.
```

Create nested Spans
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. code:: cpp

    auto outer_span = tracer->StartSpan("Outer operation");
    auto outer_scope = tracer->WithActiveSpan(outer_span);
    {
        auto inner_span = tracer->StartSpan("Inner operation");
        auto inner_scope = tracer->WithActiveSpan(inner_span);
        // ... perform inner operation

>         inner_span->End();

Reviewer: Is this call to `->End()` optional? The destruction of `inner_span` would call `End()`.

Author: It's optional, as ~Span destructor calls it anyway. But the `Span` object returned by `Tracer::StartSpan` is shared_ptr and in case instrumentation code is referring to this object at some other places, the ~Span destructor will be called when all the references are cleaned up. It's always good ( and no harm ) to call it explicitly to export the Span. And when the later destructor is called, it won't perform this again.
